#Log of 25 day

1. [00:00] Camilo Séptimo - Maya - Resplandor
1. [09:01] Estatic Fear - A Sombre Dance - Intro
1. [09:02] Estatic Fear - A Sombre Dance - Chapter I
1. [09:08] Estatic Fear - A Sombre Dance - Chapter II
1. [09:12] Estatic Fear - A Sombre Dance - Chapter I
1. [09:47] This Will Destroy You - Tunnel Blanket - Killed the Lord, Left for the New World
1. [09:54] Rhian Sheehan - Seven Tales of The North Wind - Childhood
1. [09:59] Slow Dancing Society - Under the Sodium Lights - And to the Dust We Shall Return
1. [10:06] Eluvium - An Accidental Memory in the Case of Death - In a Sense
1. [10:08] Goldmund - The Last Survivor - Havelock
1. [10:11] July Skies - Where The Days Go - Wiltshire Days And Skies
1. [10:16] Slow Dancing Society - The Sound of Lights When Dim - The Delicate Sound Of Silence
1. [10:23] Epic45 - may your heart be the map - The Stars in Spring
1. [10:27] The Album Leaf - A Chorus of Storytellers - Within Dreams
1. [10:32] Eluvium - When I Live by the Garden and the Sea - All the Sails
1. [10:35] The American Dollar - Music for Chilling Out - Chillpoint Break
1. [10:38] Caspian - Tertia - Concrescence
1. [10:43] Lowercase Noises - James - The First Glimmer of Wind
1. [10:49] Loscil - Plume - Zephyr
1. [10:54] The Album Leaf - In A Safe Place - The Outer Banks
1. [10:59] Hammock - Chasing After Shadows... Living With the Ghosts - Breathturn
1. [11:05] Signal Hill - More After We're Gone - Floruit
1. [11:13] Lights & Motion - Save Your Heart - Shimmer
1. [11:18] Lowercase Noises - This Is For Our Sins - The Timekeeper's Theme
1. [11:21] Hammock - Kenotic - Winter Light
1. [11:26] The American Dollar - Music for Travel - Bump (Ambient)
1. [11:30] Signal Hill - self-titled EP - A Series of Trills
1. [11:33] Signal Hill - More After We're Gone - Floruit
1. [11:35] Saxon Shore - The Exquisite Death Of Saxon Shore - Silence Lends a Face to the Soul
1. [11:40] Arms and Sleepers - Black Paris 86 - 71 Fragments Of A Chronology Of Chance
1. [11:43] Mac Quayle - Mr. Robot, Vol. 1 (Original Television Series Soundtrack) - 1.0_8-whatsyourask.m4p
1. [11:45] Mac Quayle - Mr. Robot, Vol. 2 (Original Television Series Soundtrack) - 1.7_3-in0urgrasps.ogg
1. [11:47] Mac Quayle - Mr. Robot, Vol. 3 (Original Television Series Soundtrack) - 2.0_1-s4ve-the-w0rld.act
1. [11:49] Mac Quayle - Feud: Bette and Joan (Original Television Soundtrack) - I Want To Act
1. [11:51] Mac Quayle - Autism in Love (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - My Apartment with Gita
1. [11:53] Mac Quayle - Mr. Robot, Vol. 1 (Original Television Series Soundtrack) - 1.1_6-believe-in-erasing.au
1. [11:54] Mac Quayle - Mr. Robot, Vol. 2 (Original Television Series Soundtrack) - 1.6_2-a-way-out.wav
1. [11:56] Signal Hill - More After We're Gone - Floruit
1. [11:57] Mac Quayle - Mr. Robot, Vol. 2 (Original Television Series Soundtrack) - 1.6_2-a-way-out.wav
1. [11:58] Gustavo Cerati - Amor Amarillo - AV Alcorta
1. [12:02] Iron Maiden - The Number Of The Beast (Digitally Remastered) - 22 Acacia Avenue
1. [12:09] 「化物語」音楽全集 Songs & Soundtracks - 「化物語」音楽全集 Songs & Soundtracks - ambivalent world
