#Log of 06 day

1. [00:00] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [11:29] Penguin Prison - Golden Train - Golden Train (Club Mix)
1. [11:33] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [11:35] Olympic Ayres - Leisureplex - Take Flight
1. [11:39] Gigamesh - Remix EP - Redlight ((Goldroom Remix))
1. [11:42] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [11:44] Ghost Beach - Modern Tongues Remixed - Been There Before (Shook Remix)
1. [11:47] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [11:48] Cherokee - Teenage Fantasy - Passion
1. [11:52] Poolside - Pacific Standard Time - Why You Wanna
1. [11:56] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [11:57] Louis La Roche - Gimme Gimme & The Wall - The Wall (Shook Remix)
1. [12:01] Flight Facilities - Originals - I Didn't Believe feat. Elizabeth Rose (Extended Version)
1. [12:05] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [12:06] Goldroom - West of the West - Silhouette
1. [12:10] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [12:11] Viceroy - Kitsuné Soleil Mix 2 By Gildas Kitsuné & Jerry Bouthier - While We're in Love (feat. Ghost Beach) [Fare Soldi Remix]
1. [12:14] Mitzi - Truly Alive - All I Heard
1. [12:18] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [12:19] Classixx - A Stranger Love - A Stranger Love (RAC Remix)
1. [12:23] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [12:25] Chela - Kitsuné: Romanticise - EP - Romanticise
1. [12:28] Du Tonc - Darkness - Darkness
1. [12:32] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [12:33] Chad Valley - Equatorial Ultravox - I Want Your Love
1. [12:36] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [12:37] Alison Valentine - Kitsuné America 2 - Circles and Triangles
1. [12:41] The Knocks - Comfortable - Savior (feat. Ra Ra Riot)
1. [12:44] Olympic Ayres - Episode II - River Song
1. [12:48] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [12:49] Tourist - Tourist (EP) - Forgive
1. [12:52] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [12:53] Roosevelt - Midnight Versions - Colours (Midnight Version)
1. [13:00] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [13:01] Clubfeet - Heirs & Graces - Cape Town
1. [13:08] Chela - Full Moon - Full Moon
1. [13:13] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [13:17] Chela - Full Moon - Full Moon
1. [13:22] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [13:23] Chela - Full Moon - Full Moon
1. [13:27] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [13:32] Chela - Full Moon - Full Moon
1. [13:33] Flight Facilities - Foreign Language Remixes - Foreign Language (feat. Jess) [Flight Facilities Extended Mix]
1. [13:37] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [13:39] New Navy - Uluwatu - What Was Golden
1. [13:43] Miami Horror - Love Like Mine (feat. Cleopold) - Love Like Mine (feat. Cleopold)
1. [13:47] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [13:48] Touch Sensitive - Visions - Veronica
1. [13:51] Clubfeet - Deep Thoughts - Territory
1. [13:54] Chrome Sparks - Zappruder Collection #1 - Still Sleeping (Feat. Steffaloo)
1. [13:58] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
1. [13:59] Goldroom - Trax 7 The Slow Wave - Fifteen
1. [14:02] Jai Wolf - The Cure to Loneliness - Around The World (feat. Now, Now)
